Su Yaruo is you
You are very capable
800 marketing accounts I exposed overnight
All withdrawn
I can only do it this way
Let everyone know what you are
You know it's me and my husband in the photo
You have to reverse right and wrong black and white
Make things so desperate
That's right, I'm just going to let you and that silly boy
Do you want to see something more exciting?
My good sister
Private life, that's pretty messy.
I still have a lot of resources here
Don't believe it.
Everything he said was false
I knew it then
But people just believe me
I'm pissed off.
It's so exciting for me to go
This is too fun
I guess it's all broken.
The picture was sent out so soon.
No, I haven't sent those p pictures yet.
What are they looking at?
That's impossible.
You all wore zombie faces
It turns out that you are the one who was wronged by the p picture.
p picture plain and elegant style
You are too cheap
Fool yourself
You can also ink for our township designer
If this Su Ya is a real wave
What's wrong with your body?
It's probably broken.
Don't look at it
It's not true.
This is all Gangneung framed me
Also p's picture
Su Yaruo
Do you think anyone would still believe you now?